>>REGINA MEREDITH: Sometimes we
just have to go back to basics.
We're so sophisticated with
all the esoteric and secret
information we've taken in
that we forget the building
blocks of our own well-being--
mental, emotional,
and physical.
They're waiting
for our attention,
and we're not doing
anything about it.
My guest today, Cyndi
Dale, is taking us back
into the story of light, color,
frequency, and our own energy
matrix, which are
called chakras.
>>CYNDI DALE: Which are
called chakras, exactly.
>>REGINA: And it's so funny,
because I think, oh, I
know all about chakras.
I know the first one.
It's red.
The next one's orange.
And we have this really pat--
it's almost a kindergartner
notion of what chakras are,
if we paid any attention at all.
But in reading your
books, it's like these
are the alive,
living centers we're
working through every day.
>>DALE: They are.
They're animate.
They're vehicles
of consciousness,
and they come with
us when we die.
They're re-integrated
into the body
as soon as we're conceived.
So they go with us across time,
so think about what they hold.
We're always taught that
chakras hold our memories.
They hold a record of
what we've gone through.
They can project into
the future as well.
And of course,
different chakras are
in charge of different tasks.
So your red one is in
charge of physicality,
and the orange one is
emotional, and so on.
But they spread
so far beyond us,
into different dimensions
and different areas
of the spiritual realms, and
they connect us to the earth.
Because the earth
itself has chakras.
So they're amazing
vehicles of consciousness.
I like that term.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I do, too.
And you know what?
We were just talking
off camera a minute ago,
and I wanted to
really build this.
It's almost like a primer
course on what they
are multi-dimensionally.
Get into the depth of
chakras in this conversation.
But you just
mentioned something.
We were talking about
the notion of intuition
and that you have done other
shows on intuition regarding
the chakras.
And I thought, let's just go
there for a little bit, OK?
>>DALE: Fantastic.
We'll do that, and then
we'll get into the primers.
>>DALE: Love it.
>>REGINA: And the
science and all that.
>>DALE: Terrific.
>>REGINA: And so
one of the things--
and I live in Sedona, so
half the people who are there
are pretty lit up,
pretty psychic.
>>DALE: Tuned in.
Very tuned in.
>>REGINA: And others are asking
those people, hey, what's
happening in my life next?
And I always say to
them, what the intuitive
is reading is what
you have already
created in your own matrix.
They're pulling out pixels and
reflecting them back to you.
And we're all wired to be
able to read it ourselves,
but some of us are further
along toward that openness
than others.
And you started chiming
in on this exact topic.
So let's talk about probability
versus possibilities,
versus things that are starting
to feel like a certainty.
And materialization is
just about to take place.
>>DALE: Exactly.
Well, and chakras are made
out of light and sound.
And we know how
to perceive them.
Even scientifically
we're starting
to be able to perceive them.
And there's many, many chakras.
There's actually probably
hundreds of thousands,
but the ones that
are in the body
also project outside
of the body to create
what's called the auric field.
And so when you talk about
that we have a field, we do.
We have an expanded field--
electromagnetic, sound-- that
we can see, that we can't see.
And it spreads across
time and space.
So we are literally living
in 11-plus dimensions
at the same time.
We're living in our own history.
We're living in our present-day
reality, or potential reality.
We're living in the future.
And so there's this beautiful
cauldron constantly brewing
inside of us about
what could happen,
what's probably going
to happen, and then
what for sure is
going to happen.
So in my work as an
intuitive, people frequently
want to know what's
going to happen.
And I have to back
them up a little bit
and say, let's work with,
like you were saying,
your field to see what's
coming in that's a possibility.
It's probably not the
lottery, but I don't usually
go there right away.
What's a probability?
That's a little closer
in to the physical body,
to the denseness of who we are.
And what's a certainty?
Because if something's
a certainty,
it's landed in the
body that is a field.
I mean, the body's
just oscillating
fields of light and sound.
So you can sense or see
or feel or even hear.
Possibilities are
going to be out here.
Probabilities are
going to be right here,
and certainties-- they're in.
They're landed.
Something's for sure
going to happen.
So different chakras hold
different intuitive gifts.
Some of them can help you see
psychically, or with your eyes.
Some can help you hear
or feel or be aware.
So I like to have
people figure out
their best way of knowing so
they can gauge where something
is in their life.
So if there's
something maybe they
want to write out, if it's
possible, they could do that.
Now would be a good
time to do that,
especially if it's in
the possibilities stage.
>>REGINA: Right.
And it's interesting, because
whether it's probability,
possibility, or landed, this
is all a product of our own
either mind desire or
soul's desire, anyway.
We have created it.
It's interesting
when people say,
so what's going to
happen in my life?
It's like, well, what would
you like to have happen?
What have you asked for?
And this is really important.
Let's talk about
the mental aspect
of this creation and its
possibility/probability.
>>DALE: Yes.
Well, scientists
are starting to show
that what shows up in our life
is a projection of emotion
and mentality.
So it's what we feel
really strongly.
You can't just half-wish
something or sort of
want something.
You have to feel it
and mentalize it.
And it's not quite like some
people perceive, I think,
the law of attraction
or visualization.
It's not just about having a
pretty picture in your mind.
You have to actually project
that image or that knowing
or that feeling or mentality--
which doesn't have to be
a thought; it can be a knowing--
throughout the
entirety of your body.
This is what's
cool about chakras.
I mean, they go all the
way down through our body
into the earth.
They're around us, and
they go on top of us.
The energy centers more
on the top part of us
are more spiritual.
So they're sort of like
what would we like.
The ones in the middle of the
body are more psychological,
so they're like what
are we ready to receive.
I mean, we can say we
want a relationship.
Have we worked
through the issues?
Have we worked through
our childhood traumas?
Do we really want
somebody living with us?
Which I would say at
this moment no for me.
[LAUGHING] You sort
of have to be honest.
Dogs are OK.
Not sure about the
rest of it yet.
And then the really physical
dense energy centers
are in the hips area
on the way down.
So if you really want
to receive something--
and we are receiving
something all the time.
So what we want is
showing up, but if we
want to alter the
path, you also have
to alter what messages
you're sending out
and what you're
willing to receive,
to make a physical
change to receive
something solid and real
in those lower chakras.
So a lot of times people do
a picture, but that's a peer.
You've got to feel it or
generate it in the body also.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And another much maligned
word, certainly in Buddhism,
as, desire.
The reality is there is
nothing in the universe that
exists without desire.
There was a desired outcome
by some thing or someone.
>>DALE: Right.
>>REGINA: And so the use
of desire in the proper way
to create this ultimate outcome
you'd like to see and then
the feeling that desire
fuels, like, oh god,
that would feel so good, I'd
be so satisfied with that--
that's what you're
talking about.
>>DALE: Yes.
>>REGINA: That's where it has to
feel and flow through the body.
>>DALE: Because it's
full, and so it's
going to be physical,
emotional, mental,
all those things that we
have to return to the basics.
It's all those levels.
Years and years ago,
I was in Morocco.
I had a dream.
And there was a master
manifestor in my dream
and crowds of people around him.
And I fought my way in
the dream to find him.
And he saw me and
kind of ignored me.
About two years after
that, a friend of mine
brought me to a
seminar, and he goes
there's some master manifestor
teaching the seminar.
And I went into the class.
There might have been 60 people.
And I thought, he was
the man in the dream.
It was him.
So I budged my way through,
like I did in the dream.
I sat on the floor in the
front, and I literally
said, how do you do this?
And you know what he
taught us, was desire.
It was desire.
Feel it.
Know it.
Taste it.
Smell it.
Be it.
I mean, we have to become
it to some extent as well.
>>REGINA: That's true.
And I bring that up because
in the New Age parlance,
it's rid oneself--
especially, again,
if you go more
toward the Eastern tradition--
is all suffering
comes from desire.
Well, all manifestation
So unless you're willing
to go with your little bowl
and accept alms from the
public and live however
life is going to dictate
for you, desire is critical.
And not only that; it's
a lovely feeling to have.
>>DALE: Yeah.
I think it's a scary
thing for many people
who run the world or
religions to allow
their followers to understand
the importance of desire.
Because then they can
obtain their desires,
their needs, their
wants, their wishes.
They can be good to others just
standing in their own power
and exchanging
goodness with others.
You don't necessarily need--
it's great to have-- but you
don't necessarily need them--
the sacred scriptures, the
one that they say you need,
or that particular
leader or teacher.
>>REGINA: Desire
gives you power.
>>DALE: It gives you power
and you become empowered.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Over your own reality.
>>DALE: Your own reality
and your reaction to it.
>>REGINA: It's a
reflection of your desire.
>>DALE: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Or the
default position
where you let other
people program it for you.
>>DALE: Right.
Which we've done.
I mean, by the time we
emerge from childhood,
it's like The Matrix.
And again, I go
back to the chakras,
because they're just
so symptomatic of what
we've got going on, every of
these subtle energy bodies.
And they also impact
the physical world.
They're made out of
physical and subtle energy,
measurable and
immeasurable, and is
able to convert one to another.
Actually, in my way of looking
at reality, have two levels.
There's an inside to a chakra.
They emanate from the body.
They're vortexes.
They go forward and
backward, into the sides,
into various realms,
physical and spiritual.
But there's an external aspect
to them and an internal.
And I believe the internal
has our spirit encoded in it,
and the external
is the programming.
So we're programmed to have our
limbic system tell us or bring
in information about
how to survive.
We are born biologically
ready to fit in with the clan.
We are also capable and
able to do higher thinking
and break away and transform
all those programs.
And so it's the internal
part of a chakra that
holds sort of how we really
can do this, how you can really
be in love and grace and
truth and have your bills paid
and feed your dogs and
get somewhere on time.
And the outer layer, though it's
not bad, is just so encrusted.
It's dense, and
it's so encrusted
with what doesn't fit us.
Many of us--
I, for one, have spent
much of my life just
trying to get rid of stuff
that's on there and fix it,
instead of going, you
know, there's probably
some truth inside of me
I could open to that.
And that will help.
That will jettison some
of the dead weight.
So I can also go for the light.
I can also know what's
really accurate,
and that's going to help
transform those subconscious
or encoded programs, too.
>>REGINA: And again,
you're going back to that,
understanding the desire to
want to break free of that, that
to break through that you have
to have a strong enough desire
to say, I'm not going
to live that program.
I mean, I was really lucky.
By age two, there was kind of a
traumatic event that happened,
which was good because
it separated me out
from everybody.
And I just kind of
moved into this place
where I was a free agent.
>>DALE: Good for you.
>>REGINA: I didn't
listen to anybody else.
>>DALE: Good for you.
>>REGINA: I didn't want
to know their opinions.
I did exactly what I wanted.
>>DALE: You were you.
>>REGINA: My father
said, my god, you just
knew what you wanted
and did what you wanted.
And it was a very quiet thing.
There wasn't a lot
of intention in it.
It was just unplugging from
all exterior programming
as a result of a trauma.
>>DALE: You weren't
fighting against.
>>REGINA: No, I had
nothing to fight against.
I was not connected
to anything else.
>>DALE: I was more of a fighter.
I had read the Bible
as much as a kid can,
seven times by third grade.
Because I'm white Wonder
Bread Norwegian Lutheran.
>>REGINA: I'm Lutheran, too.
I almost got damaged by it,
but I just didn't buy it.
>>DALE: It's very boring.
>>REGINA: It is very boring.
>>DALE: I didn't, either.
So I kept reading
the Bible going,
what are they seeing in this?
And of course what
I pulled out was
very different than what
the pastor was pulling out
or the youth minister
was pulling out.
I was like, look, they're doing
these super cool miracles.
I mean, Jesus is
walking on the water.
There's this dude named
Elohim, if I'm saying it right,
that's not the Jehovah,
this male and female.
Like, how come
we're not learning
about this in Sunday school?
So I think I more
actively fought
what was in my world and life,
which inevitably led me to ask,
so it may be is a
little bit more real.
There's truth in
almost everything.
But so how am I going
to understand the world?
Which for me led
to subtle energies
and looking into the
invisible and trying
to figure all that out.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it led
you onto that path.
And I became a free thinker
and being at that point,
because I'd asked some salient
questions certainly by five
and six.
And the answers
were so stunningly
simple and inaccurate and
so dogmatic that I said, no.
>>DALE: It's the same for me.
>>REGINA: I'm doing this.
I didn't have a choice.
I had to go every week to
Sunday school and church.
I thought, no problem.
There's Kool-Aid and
cookies at the end.
I'm in it for that.
>>DALE: Right.
My problem was one
time they brought
in a man who said there's really
demons, which I already knew.
And he had them fly this
megaphone around the room.
Everybody is going, ooh, and I'm
going, oh, that's kind of cool.
Could I do that without
a demon, please?
>>REGINA: Well, now, by the
time you were a little girl,
you were already seeing
into these other--
>>DALE: I saw.
>>REGINA: You could see.
>>DALE: I could see.
I heard spirits.
I heard ghosts.
I saw colors, which
I inevitably ended up
connecting to the chakras,
which of course emanate
in multi-colors and the
fields that do that.
And I felt I could
interact with fairies
or angels or dark stuff.
There was stuff that
wasn't all that good--
out that, too.
So I was very open, and I
learned by a pretty young age
not to bring it up very often.
I wrote stories, so that helped.
Because I could record it in
another way and keep it alive.
>>REGINA: But how
did it functionally
work in your family and
with your family's adult
friends and all that?
>>DALE: Well, their
adult friends never knew.
My parents never told them.
My parents just
said it was weird.
My dad was more
open, but he would
say there's a lot of black
stuff with the good stuff.
So just don't go there.
So that's what he always said.
And my mom was more--
it's interesting, because
back then she would say,
don't make things up, you're
just making things up.
But I was right.
That's what got me in trouble.
It would be like,
well, mom, you're
the one who ate all the cookies.
>>REGINA: Blaming
everybody else.
>>DALE: Right.
Or I can tell when
you're going to get mad.
You turn red.
There's red coming out.
"I don't get mad."
So I think there
was more defensive
posturing at that point.
What's interesting
is that she's now 90.
And about 10, 20 years ago, she
started doing dream analysis.
She's as psychic as
they come at this point.
She lost a friend.
She's in a senior place.
We went to her friend's place.
My mom starts talking to the
soul of the deceased friend.
Or if I say something
like, mom, I
think I'm going to
be selling my land,
I think it's going
to sell, she'll go,
oh, it'll sell tomorrow,
it's going to sell tomorrow.
So really, like you
said, it's in all of us.
We have to get
out of our own way
and be a lot less concerned
with what other people are
going to think.
>>REGINA: That's breaking
that crust, that programming.
>>DALE: You break the crust.
You do.
You get out of the
bad tribal mentality,
where it's all about you
instead of about communing.
>>REGINA: Right.
So I love all the anecdotes.
I love where we've been
playing in this story.
But now I want to start taking
people into the science of it,
because there's some
new science emerging
about these subtle fields.
And so let's start
with the science
and then go into the
practical understanding
and use of these incredible
multi-dimensional fields.
>>DALE: Absolutely.
Well, there was
some substantiation
about the chakras back in the
1970s when Dr. Valerie Hunt was
actually able to
record the chakras that
are, of course, in the body.
And they also extend
beyond the body.
And determine the colors of
them and the sounds of them.
So what ancients have been
saying is all of a sudden,
wow, this is very, very real.
We've been able for decades
to actually perceive
the auric fields and different
types of electromagnetic fields
that come off the body.
We've actually been able to
hear those fields as well,
and I think they're
extensions of the chakras.
And the third part
of the puzzle--
we haven't really
mentioned them--
are what the traditional
Chinese medical professionals
call the meridians.
That's more the Asian
idea of channels that
flow in and through the body.
The Hindus call them the nadis.
They're slightly
different, however.
The nadis are actually
more nervous system.
The meridians are in
the connective tissue.
But we've proven that these
flow through the body.
We can't see them with an
X-ray, but scientists have used
radioactive isotopes to
actually track the movement--
it's brilliant--
of the meridians.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Jean-Claude [INAUDIBLE] did that
experiment in France years ago.
>>DALE: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And it was amazing.
He became a hero to
the East, because they
had for the first time
proof positive in physical.
>>DALE: It's real.
>>REGINA: Yes, that they
could see that it's real.
>>DALE: Yeah.
And the Institute
of Heart Map is
one of those
organizations that is now
showing that we're
interconnected
through our fields.
You can take the heart cell,
two heart cells out of somebody,
put them great distances apart.
When something
happens to one, it
occurs in the other heart cell.
And you can even
do that with people
who are close to each other
with their heart cells.
So we are obviously
interconnected.
I'm sort of a geeky
nerd on this data.
And so when I analyzed
the chakras initially,
I found it fascinating that
each of the energy centers
was connected to a
different dimension.
So the first chakra in the
hip is very first-dimensional,
which is sort of like a point.
The second chakra
is more like a line.
The third, you start
to be cubistic.
Well, some of the
newest brain research
is showing that the brain
fires neurologically
in 11 different dimensions.
And every time it's firing
in a specific dimension,
there's a certain geometrical
formation that it is creating,
which from my analysis actually
match the different chakras.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>DALE: It's fascinating.
So what's happening
in our subtle organs
is also occurring in the brain.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about geometrically
what it looks like.
You already gave
a point, a line.
>>DALE: A point, a line, a cube.
And now you start to
go fourth-dimensional
in the heart.
So how do you picture
the fourth dimension?
It's hard.
They always show
sort of like a cube
with an arrow going out of it.
So now, all of a sudden,
you're somewhere else.
You can be in different
times all at the same time.
So you start to go in
the fifth dimension.
And these are
harder to describe.
And you can use
different kinds of forms.
You can get into hedrons.
>>REGINA: Into nonphysical
essentially by then.
>>DALE: It's nonphysical.
But I like to think
of the fifth dimension
kind of from a more
negotiate a way
that you can work with the
information point of view,
as being able to
perceive reality
as if you're in the bubble
of reality looking out.
I like to think of
the sixth dimension
as if you're outside
of reality, looking in.
And I've had that experience,
like you're actually
outside of it, like
when you're dead
and you're looking back down.
You're out of whatever
it is that you're
trying to perceive
looking at it--
so how functionally
objective we can be.
The seventh is where I think
it starts to get interesting,
because you're
sort of in and out
at the same time at that place.
One of the times I
experienced that, I had just
been doing some work.
I felt the Christ presence.
I felt like I was
in this in and out
and being everything
all at the same time.
And I was sitting
on my front steps,
and I was watching a butterfly.
And I just said, hi,
butterfly, right in my head,
and it came up, fluttered
up, landed on my wrist,
actually, and said,
I'm not a butterfly.
I'm a [INAUDIBLE]
which was interesting.
I never met a
[INAUDIBLE] before.
And it proceeded to show me what
it was and what it really did
and how it delivered
information to the flowers,
and the bees did the same thing.
And I thought, wow, I
really like living this way.
So the farther we
get numerically
in terms of the
dimensions, I think
the more grounded we can be,
but the more outstretched
we can be at the same time.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And if you look at
it-- because everything
is light and sound and color.
You start getting to
the seventh chakra,
and once you start reaching
into those violet rays,
now it's going beyond
the visible spectrum
and those higher
dimensions beyond it.
Let's talk about
chakras and what
you've seen in terms of
the whole notion of colors
that we may not see
when you're looking
at the dimensionality of color--
I mean of chakras.
Colors that we don't
even see in the spectrum.
How does it look when
you're looking at, say,
all of the dimensions of,
let's say, the third chakra.
What would that look right?
>>DALE: Well, if you were
actually in the chakra,
it would actually be
more or less clear,
because we start to add
the so-called coloration
through what they
call the astral plane.
So here is physical,
and just outside of that
is what some call
etheric and emotional.
And then there's
an astral plane,
which is really
everywhere at once,
and there's different
layers to it.
So that's the layer that
adds the coloration.
So you have to be able
to connect with it
to actually perceive the
yellow color inside, which
is sort of interesting.
Otherwise, they're kind of
clear, to be really honest.
I don't normally say that,
because it breaks the rule
book.
And then people
go, well, I don't
want to see a clear chakra.
I want to see a color.
But if you're all open, you
will see that energy center
as yellow in its functionality.
But once you get
even more expanded,
you can't describe those colors.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that's what
people say when they die,
when they have
out-of-body experiences.
It's the same.
>>DALE: Right.
Well, there are some
people actually who have--
I can't remember if it's a
specific type of rod or cone
in the eye.
They can actually
perceive millions
more colors than most of us can.
And certain types
of flies or spiders
can see or perceive ultraviolet.
So what they perceive is really
different than what we can.
I mean, we, with our
eyes, are only seeing--
I think it's 0.0035% on
a linear scale of color
of what's out there.
That's it.
So we have the capacity to
perceive all those other colors
and colorations.
We just have to be
a little bit more
open so we don't get stuck.
At the so-called astral, which
would be about right here
for most of us.
We have to be willing
to let more energy come
in from beyond it to give
us, even if nothing else,
the feeling of more colors.
Some scientists think that
until maybe age two months,
two years--
it depends on who
you research, and I
don't know if I know how
to say this word right--
that we all have synesthesia.
What that is is the ability
to, when you see a color,
you can hear it.
Or when you hear a sound,
you can see a color.
Or when you have a feeling,
you can see and hear something.
So ultimately, when we're
interacting with the chakras,
they can open us in a
way that maybe we're
using our sixth chakra,
which is in the brow, where
we see pictures.
Maybe we can also hear the
picture at the same time.
>>REGINA: It's
interesting you say that.
Years ago, I was on the trail
of light and color and sound.
I was dedicated to
that, and I was actually
giving little classes and
workshops on color therapy.
This is like 30 years ago.
>>DALE: Well, we still need it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, we do.
I was chasing the
story down in Europe
with all of the top physicists
who were using light, sound,
and color in healing.
And that's where I came
across an interview
with Jean-Claude [INAUDIBLE]
right after that experiment
had taken place, actually.
But what I would do
in these classes was--
I found it fascinating--
I would take big theater
lights with gels, colored gels,
on them.
And I would have everybody
in the class or the audience
or whatnot blindfolded,
so they couldn't really
perceive the color even
through their eyelids.
And I would ask them to
begin feeling and telling me
how they were just feeling.
And it was a very
rare exception where
a person didn't automatically
start giving the associated
feelings of blue light versus
red or yellow, any of them.
And then I would take them into
the sound using the key note
and music on that
key note of color
and what would happen with them.
And people intuitively just--
they're sensing and
feeling it all the time.
>>DALE: We are, anyway.
We just narrow ourselves.
>>REGINA: We don't choose
to consciously work with it.
>>DALE: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And I mean, I've even
stopped consciously working
with it to a large extent.
And that's why I was so
excited about talking to you.
So let's get into
the notion that you
have this front chakra
and the back chakra
and what each one is
performing energetically.
>>DALE: Right.
And so that's
easiest to talk about
with what's the seven in
body chakra system, which
is the most well-known,
just because there was
a book published in the '20s.
It came to America that
everybody said, oh, there's
seven chakras--
Sir Arthur Avalon, though he
actually said there were six.
But anyway.
[LAUGHING]
So they're vortexes
of light, and they
operate with different
bands of energy or colors
or sound on the electromagnetic
and sound spectrum.
And so they emanate from us.
They're locked into
us, but they're also
generated, I
believe, by energies
that come to us from
the heavenly realms
and the physical world as well.
So from a structural
point of view,
each of these
in-body chakras has
a front side, which sort of
swirls out into the world,
and that side of the
chakras really operating
in our conscious domain.
So what we think can
be perceived by others,
we can get a sense of what's
happening in the real world.
We can project our desires
through the forward vehicles,
and maybe they'll
land somewhere.
And something might happen.
The backside
chakras go backward,
and they swirl back there.
They're much more our
unconscious vehicles.
They certainly send
energy into the domains
of spirit and
spirituality and soul,
but I love working
with the backsides.
Because I find it most
empowering to bring energies
in through them.
>>REGINA: That's what I
was just going to say.
Aren't they receivers?
>>DALE: They're receivers.
Bring them in.
Bring in virtues.
Bring in powers.
Bring in desires.
Bring in guides.
Bring in help.
Bring in whatever it is
you want to bring in.
Because think of it just
from a physical perspective.
Bringing in a really
cool, big, strong energy
from the back side,
coming through the front,
is going to push
forward anything
that doesn't match
that positive energy,
that enlightening energy,
that true desire or wish.
It's going to push
everything out of the way.
It's going to bring into the
physical, conscious domain what
it is that's really
real and true.
It's going to clear
the way for you.
So I work mainly
with the back sides.
So if somebody's
really sick, I may
bring in through the
back side the energy
that they need through
all the chakras
of the correlated chakras
what's going to help drive
out the so-called negative
energy, whatever word you want
to use, what's not working,
and bring in what they do need.
Because that's how you're going
to get the transformation.
It's going to come in
through the chakra,
immediately be delivered
into the physical body,
be spread through the
meridians or the nadis,
extend through the auric field.
So even as the body isn't
yet maybe properly physically
healed, you can now draw to you
the kind of people or events
that can help
finish the process.
>>REGINA: That's interesting.
>>DALE: Isn't that a
cool way to look at it?
>>REGINA: It is,
and I want to talk
about how we work with
intention in just a second, too.
Because I've always
noticed in my life
when I'm ready to
manifest something new--
because there's time
in this dimension.
And so you have to
kind of be gentle
and I think pretty accepting
when it comes to time frames.
But what I find is it comes
up on the back side of me
and starts pressing on my back.
And when I feel it
right here, I know
it's about to drop
into physical reality.
But it always comes
from the back.
I feel it's happening.
And it drives you crazy
at that last stage.
You can't see the details,
per se, but it's there.
>>DALE: It's almost itchy.
>>REGINA: It's itchy.
It's irritating because
it's ready to happen.
>>DALE: Exactly.
So it's moved back there from
possibility to probability,
and it's just about to
drop into certainty.
And I do believe it enters
through the back side
of the chakras.
>>REGINA: Well, that's
why I brought it up.
That makes perfect sense,
because that's where I always
experience changes coming.
>>DALE: Yep, exactly.
>>REGINA: And especially
big, profound changes
in direction in life.
It's like, oh.
And then it takes a month or
two, and boom, there it is.
>>DALE: Exactly.
At most, two or
three months out.
>>REGINA: After it
becomes irritating.
>>DALE: Exactly.
Right.
But then you're open.
And then when it's dropped
in, you're sort of excited.
I mean, and it's
OK to be scared.
People ask me constantly,
can your fear get in the way?
It's like, if it's landed,
it's more excitement than fear
anyway.
But we do have that very
human part that goes, well,
what if it doesn't happen?
It's like, honey, it's landed.
You can't be in the way now.
You can't get in the way.
So don't worry about it.
Just get on with it.
>>REGINA: So you kind of
alluded to some of it,
but say if a person wants
to consciously start
working with their chakras
and we're working now
with the front and the back.
And you have a couple
of little techniques
to use that I think you said you
had a couple that were really
good to share with us.
>>DALE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Let's talk
about that before we even
get into the details
of the chakras.
>>DALE: Yes.
There's two techniques
I use all the time.
They're really reflective
of all the ancient processes
and techniques.
They're short, they're
easy, and they work.
I like short, easy.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I do, too.
>>DALE: OK.
One I call spirit to spirit.
It's so simple, it's
almost embarrassing.
I use it constantly.
When I'm going to
work with a client,
if I need to perform a task,
if I have to clean the bathroom
and I don't feel like
cleaning the bathroom,
I simply affirm my own spirit.
So there, you're really
giving yourself permission
to come from your highest
place throughout the inside
of each chakra, throughout
all aspects of you, including
physical.
I affirm the other spirit.
Like, while we're talking, I'd
affirm your spirit or everybody
in the room.
But if you're alone, you're
affirming the helping spirits,
and really just the
good parts of them
can come into the process then.
And then the third activity is
to affirm the greater spirit.
And in doing that, you're doing
what every single spirituality
or 12 step program
tells you to do,
which is let go and let god.
You're just saying,
you know what?
I'm surrendering.
I'm a vehicle.
I'll receive.
I'll share.
I'll be whatever it
is I'm supposed to be,
whether it's limited
or more open.
So when I'm working
with a client
and I've done spirit to
spirit, they may ask me,
when am I going to
meet Mr. or Ms. Right?
And if I don't get anything,
it's not being delivered.
I'll say I don't get anything.
Let's ask a different question.
Or I can tell you that you
need to get a different job,
or you might want to go
exercise or change your diet
or whatever it is.
So I use that technique
for everything.
Because it provides you
protection, and it helps
you come from a good place.
The second is more of
an active technique.
I would say it's a
delivery technique.
So let's say you're in the mall
and you're seeing something
and you can't call the police.
Somebody is being
mean to their kid,
or you just know that
they're mean to their child.
You don't even have enough in
order to alert the authorities.
What are you going to do?
Well, many of us sensitives
are giving away our energy.
We start going, oh, I'll help,
or I'll take on the pain.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>>DALE: Doesn't work.
And you're miserable, and it
doesn't help the situation.
Healing streams of
grace recognizes
that there's a source,
whatever you want to call it--
source, spirit-- that
is constantly emanating
what I would call grace.
To me, grace is love and power.
Grace is actually going
to do something and make
a difference.
There is endless
streams of grace.
Everything we needed before
we went into an event
has already been created.
Everything we need can
be created in the moment.
So it's acknowledging
that there's
this sort of eternal
support for us,
and it can be delivered in what
I would call streams of grace.
So if we're in a
situation and we
need to send a prayer
to somebody, what I do
is send the stream of grace.
It doesn't have to
come through me.
I do spirit to spirit.
I ask for grace for that person.
It bypasses me.
So I'm not going to be
involved in the process.
I don't have to be codependent.
And I don't have to rescue
them or take on their issues.
It goes directly to them.
Even in Target or the mall, if
I'm sensing something going on,
I do spirit to spirit, tune into
the greater spirit, and say,
would you help?
Would you bring what they need?
I've watched situations
where literally--
this is kind of a spooky one--
where I just had this bad sense
about a mom with her child.
You can just tell.
And I asked for the
streams of grace,
and the next moment she
actually struck her child.
Now, it was good, because it
was in front of a clerk who
called the police.
And maybe that
mother would never
have been reported
to child services.
So we don't know
what's going to happen.
It's out of our hands.
If we're supposed to be
actively involved, we will be,
because we've done
spirit to spirit as sort
of our one-size-fits-all
we're in the right place.
If we're told, if we hear,
if we're shown something
we need to do, we will do it.
Otherwise it's really
in bigger hands.
>>REGINA: It is.
I mean, I've done that.
I remember one
instance where a man
was hitting a woman in the
front of the pickup truck.
And so I went over and
knocked on the window.
And she turned and looked at
me like, this is what we do.
>>DALE: It is what they do.
You can bet on that.
>>REGINA: Why are
you interrupting us?
And that taught me a big lesson.
With children, it's different.
You feel compelled to do
something because of the lesser
statue in power of the child.
>>DALE: Because
they can't do it.
>>REGINA: Because
But it's a very interesting
type of interface.
Because yes, maybe
having done it your way,
for example, to send the stream
of grace into their situation
might have been
something nothing more
than a moment of the guy feeling
guilty, a flash of guilt.
>>DALE: Or her going, I
don't need to do this.
>>REGINA: Yeah, or her saying,
doesn't feel good anymore.
>>DALE: We don't know.
>>REGINA: We don't know.
But to go and physically
try to interrupt it
when they're in the middle
of what they do together,
it didn't work.
It was not helpful.
>>DALE: Exactly.
But for me, I work on the
phone most of the time.
And people, clients are
constantly saying, how can
I feel the healing?
You're not here.
It's like, I don't need to be.
I probably don't even
need to be on the phone.
It's coming directly to them
in the way and in the order
they need to receive it.
>>REGINA: They
need to receive it.
And that's one thing that
my beings I work with
told me a long time ago.
If you want to see an
outcome handled well,
then project that
to your guides,
and allow the guides to
carry that forward and finish
that process--
>>DALE: That's right.
>>REGINA: --with my intention.
Because they said the other
realms are so much more
skilled at seeing how it
needs to be delivered,
the way in which a
person can receive it,
not my perception
of what they might
need but the intention of
the healing for that in a way
that they can receive it.
>>DALE: Or their perception.
>>REGINA: Their
perception, exactly.
>>DALE: I had a client
years and years ago--
I even described this
interaction in one of my books.
She had lung cancer, so she
wanted me to work on her.
And we worked on it.
We did a number of things.
And she came back in for
another session, and she goes,
the strangest thing
happened after our session.
I started to get struck with
inexplicable bouts of joy.
And I'm taller.
I grew two inches over night.
I was like, well, that's cool.
Neither of us obviously
asked for that.
And the lung cancer
did dissipate,
but I have no idea if it's
because of what we did.
It could have been
because of the chemo.
Maybe the chemo worked better.
Maybe she was taller, so
the cancer cells left.
I have no idea.
We don't often get a deep
understanding of everything.
That's sort of the magic of it.
Is it just changes?
And you can appreciate
it, and it's joyous.
>>REGINA: It is,
and the reality is
there's nothing more
you can do to contribute
than to see the highest outcome
for the person or the situation
and then let the other
forces take that road
at your instruction or desire.
>>DALE: Exactly.
We're still back to desire.
>>REGINA: Yeah, a desire
to see an outcome that
works for that person.
So that's nice.
That's beautiful,
streams of grace.
So let's talk about
some of the tasks--
we're getting back to
the technical part--
the chakras are serving,
like the endocrine system
and so forth, the things they
take care of within our matrix.
>>DALE: Excellent.
Well, I work with
the 12 chakra system,
just because years
and years ago, I
did know that there were
seven in-body chakras.
That's what I perceived.
That's what I was taught.
But I also saw five
out-of-body chakras,
which are really
fantastic to work with,
because they afford a lot
more power, a lot more--
one's connected to nature.
Another can help you command
natural and supernatural
forces.
Another is a very
harmonic sort of chakra.
So whatever system you work
with, that doesn't matter.
Because each of the
chakras, whether they're
physically found in
the body, they all
anchor in the physical system.
They all anchor somewhere
in the spine, which
is our neurological system.
They all manage some
endocrine gland.
For instance, the one I
call the 10th chakra, which
is underneath the
feet, actually,
streams up through
the bone marrow,
which actually is
an endocrine gland
and manages our genes,
our ancestral memories,
our epigenetic material.
So they all have a
very physical function.
And obviously, in the body, they
manage that part of the body.
But as the Asian systems
have known forever,
it's not just about physicality.
Each chakra manages a different
psychological concern.
To me, psychology is a blend
of feeling or the feelings.
So maybe they have more to
do with fear, but always
in relation to a belief system--
so an emotion.
And so each of them is helping
to define or bring forth
our true psychological profile.
So they manage something
about how we think
and therefore how
we're going to act.
And they're all spiritual.
And within that
spiritual basket,
I would say there's a
couple different categories.
One is each of
them is intuitive.
They provide us with certain
types of intuitive insight,
and they share accordingly
with the world.
But they're also sort of tasked.
It's kind of like
the tree of life
in so many of the
different indigenous
and religious systems where we
are able to perceive ourselves
as going from physical all the
way back to spiritual-- in god,
if you would, as being physical,
spreading all the way back
to the heavenly domains.
Each chakra holds its own in
helping us make that extension.
So we become spiritualized
through each of the chakras.
We don't leave them behind.
We don't become physical and
then emotional and then mental
and then relational and then
communicative and then visual
and then spiritual.
We become physical, is what
we first do in our lives.
And then we learn how to
spiritualize that while we're
doing emotions and
spiritualizing those,
while we're doing belief systems
and spiritualizing those.
So they're gateways.
Each is incredibly important.
There's not really a hierarchy.
And each assists us in
being who we really are.
While alive, we're physical.
So we can't just float
around in outer space.
We need to do our real lives in
a way that's very spiritual--
the chop wood, carry water.
What do you do
before enlightenment?
You chop wood, carry water.
What do you do after?
So they're vehicles for
those ways of being,
that people like to
say is enlightened
or born-again or spiritual,
or whatever the code word is.
>>REGINA: OK.
So I'm going to toss
something at you here.
So a number of years ago--
maybe, I don't know, 10,
12 years ago--
my guides had said,
look, when you're
working with your
chakras now, we just
want you to be
aware of something.
And I'm bringing it up,
because a woman just wrote me
the other day and said this is
a vision she'd been given, too.
And so I want your
response on it.
And that was, they said,
do not focus energy
on the bottom three
chakras any longer.
Go to the next three
above the head.
The bottom three are
well-enough developed now,
and you're moving into the use
of the other eighth, ninth,
and 10th now, is your journey.
And so other people are
obviously picking this up, too.
So let's talk about this.
>>DALE: Well, this is
my perspective on that.
I think there's some
people who have not even
gone near their first, second,
and third chakras, and they
better work on them.
[LAUGHING]
Unfortunately, many
of them probably
run organizations
or institutions,
because they're still
playing on that level.
They're still
playing with money.
playing with power.
>>REGINA: Total material realm.
>>DALE: They're still playing
with being bullies or misusing
emotions.
So I think that some
people need to get
those lessons the right way
and spiritualize those centers,
or the world's going to
continue to be a mess.
I think there's
many, many people who
have been working those levels
over and over and over again.
And I think that that's the
grouping that's being told,
look, you've got it; go bigger.
Go bigger, go better.
Go spiritual.
Because most likely-- and
this is my intuitive sense,
too, like the person who wrote
you and yourself-- you've
already spiritualized
those chakras.
You're doing them.
You're in them.
The more that you expand
to those moments of bliss
and truth and virtues and
whatever else all the words are
to higher guidance and what's
coming here to this planet
to help everybody, like
what the kids are being born
to bring in, it's going to land
in those energy centers anyway.
It's going to come into them
and become more physical.
It's going to
become solid, but it
doesn't need to be the focus.
They're not cut off.
They're there.
You just worked them.
They're already working for you.
>>REGINA: And so let's
talk about eighth,
ninth, and 10th chakras.
>>DALE: So in my world--
and different people
have different
levels of namings.
So to me, fifth is throat,
sixth is third eye,
seventh is top of the head.
And in my realm-- and everybody
has a different system--
the eighth chakra's
right above that.
It's right here.
And it's different in the
Incan system or Cherokee system
or whatever.
To me, that's the
seat of the soul.
It's the mystical chakra.
It's the shaman chakra.
It's the one that
has the records that
cross time and
dimensions, where we truly
can perform magical feats
and where we're constantly
asking ourselves do
we want to interact
with our Dharma, our purpose,
or the Karma, the heavy stuff.
So to me, that's one of the most
powerful chakras that we have.
It locks in, in my way
of understanding it,
to the thymus.
What do we have in the world
right now, but all kind
of autoimmune dysfunctions?
We better start working
with this energy center.
We better make some really
solid decisions about what
and whom we're interacting
with in the invisible realms.
The ninth chakra's about an
arm's length above the head.
It composes itself
in the diaphragm.
Look at how many systems
are all about breathing.
You're breathing harmony in.
I see this energy
center as gold.
In the income system,
this one is typically
connected to these sort
of luminary powers.
It's gold energy.
It's godly.
It's higher stuff
that can literally
harmonize all of us, that
can bring us together
on the same page, soul to
soul, person to person, brigade
to brigade.
And literally,
it's about harmony.
It's what we're trying
to do on this planet.
I call the 10th chakra the
one underneath the ground.
That's nature.
We're certainly seeing that one
getting stirred up, are we not?
Because that's where
we interconnect
to all the natural beings,
the natural world, the stars,
the cosmos, the elements.
It's probably one of
the most primary ones
right now for us to return
to and to understand
that we are all these.
Whether we're in soul
form-- so we're dead--
or alive, we're still part of
the fabric of the environment
and nature.
And then I have
another one that I
describe called the 11th
that I see really solidly
around the hands and the feet,
but it's sort of in the energy
field, too.
This is the one
that people can use
to command natural and
supernatural forces.
So those magicians,
those weather shamans--
I've met some of them who
go, let's bring lightning.
You can do good with it.
You can do bad with it,
but that's the power.
And then my final one is--
I call it the 12th.
It surrounds us.
It's our personal scheme skein,
s-k-e-i-n, or skin of our--
well, it's outside of all
the other auric fields.
It connects in with the body.
It's the skin of our spirit.
So it's how we can happily
bounce around as the spirit
that we are, bringing in what
promotes our true nature,
sending messages to the
world that only share
what we're truly
supposed to be sharing.
You can still have those
days where you're going,
I don't like this or I'm grumpy
or I want a Hostess Twinkie.
But if this energy
center's active,
it's not going to bring you
a Hostess Twinkie that's
not good for you.
If it's good for you, in
comes a Hostess Twinkie,
even if they're
not made anymore.
I keep forgetting if
they're being made anymore.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHING]
>>DALE: Right.
They last like 20 years,
so you can still get one.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHING] On eBay.
>>DALE: You can, actually,
for like $3,000, most likely.
But we have these.
The point is, no matter what
your numerical system is,
we have these
advanced chakras that
connect us to different
realms and worlds
and really do a lot
of the thinking for us
if we let them, meaning
higher thinking.
The other parts of us that
might get just kind of grumpy
sometimes or cranky--
they can keep being transmuted.
>>REGINA: OK.
So let's take one chakra,
because I brought it up before.
So we'll just stay consistent.
Let's take the third
chakra and look at that
multi-dimensionally--
the subtle colors, what
you already talked about,
of course, the commonly
known color of yellow,
association with the mental.
Let's just get into the
dimensions of one chakra,
because we're not going
to get in to many.
People will have
to just pick up--
I love your little
book of chakras.
>>DALE: Isn't it cute?
>>REGINA: Just that
little, tiny book is
so well-done, so well-written.
>>DALE: I know.
I crammed a lot in it.
>>REGINA: So useful.
You've got so much
in your little book.
And then, of course,
if people want,
they can go to that big, fat
1200-page tome you wrote.
>>DALE: I know.
I know.
Which I haven't even
opened since it was done.
>>REGINA: You were carried away.
>>DALE: They told me I could
do whatever I wanted, so I did.
>>REGINA: OK.
Well, so you had
your choice on that.
>>DALE: Then they
assigned me a little book.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that
little book, though,
is so cute, and so
well-produced, too.
I just love it.
>>DALE: Yes, it is.
It's adorable.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about the third chakra
all the way through.
>>DALE: So third chakra,
solar plexus region.
So front side regulates
mentality, consciousness
that has to do
with our opinions,
judgments, and what
we're going to pick up
from other people around
their opinions and judgments.
Back side is going to be able to
very strongly bring in energies
that help empower us.
It's a power energy center.
So it has a lot to do
with our personal power.
Based on what we believe
about our personal power--
each of these chakras really
activates at a certain age.
This one activates between
2 and 1/2 and 4 and 1/2.
So to some extent, based on
what we got by with or not
in those years, that's
going to give us
a sense of our personal
power, and we're
going to act it
out positionally.
This energy center
is also in charge
of all the digestive organs.
It locks into the pancreas, the
vertebrae right in that area.
It's really a busy,
busy, busy chakra.
And each of the organs
within that sort of plate--
we've got not just the pancreas;
the stomach, the spleen,
the liver, the gallbladder,
part of the esophagus,
part of the kidney.
They're also going to have
their own jobs to do, too.
So you can see how you can
just spend your whole life just
doing one chakra, too.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>DALE: So once you start really
working with the chakras, what
you find is you
need to really face
those negative, dysfunctional
beliefs, which all come down
to, I am separate from whatever.
I am separate, or
I am connected.
So from my point of view,
this is the home where
we have to decide, am
I part of everything,
am I interconnected,
or am I separate?
And if you go separate, you're
going to have some version of I
am bad, I am evil, I have
no value, I am unworthy.
And everything's going
to just stink from there.
And it's just not going to work.
Your feelings aren't
going to be very healthy,
your responses,
your relationships--
very critical energy center.
So again, if you're on
the very inside of it,
it's going to be sort of clear.
But when you bring in that
astral coloration, it's yellow.
And yellow is happy.
I like happy.
>>REGINA: It's optimistic.
>>DALE: It's optimistic.
It's cheery.
And there's different
elements depending
on what system you work with
associated with this energy
center.
I often affiliate it
with air, which to me is
a really happy element.
I love air.
Sort of like flying around,
getting happy ideas,
playing at that level.
It's also very
connected to wood.
And many cultures affiliate
chakras with elements.
So in my way of looking
at the third chakra,
I affiliate with air, which
is to me the happiest.
Because I'm a very air person.
That has to do with freedom,
flying around, getting
new ideas, thinking--
not lower stuff, not
unhappy thoughts,
just sort of cool facts and
data that you can work with.
Many systems also
affiliate it with wood,
which is a cheery element,
which is about buoyancy and new
growth and vision.
So we've hardly
scratched the surface,
and you can see everything
to do with the third chakra.
We've hardly
scratched the surface,
and you can see how
you can even start
working with your third chakra.
>>REGINA: OK.
So this brings up
some questions.
So one of the things
most people are feeling
is the world is insane,
and they feel disempowered.
It's like, god, I feel
like my power is just
dissipating from my own being.
>>DALE: Third chakra.
>>REGINA: Third chakra, right.
The other thing that
accompanies that
is almost epidemic of digestive
disorders of every kind.
You go to a dinner party.
You used to go to
grandma's house,
and everybody
could eat the food.
Now, someone can't eat
anything in this category
with cellulose.
Someone can't eat gluten.
Someone can't digest fats.
You can't really have
a dinner party anymore
that serves everybody.
>>DALE: You can't.
You can't.
It almost has to be
bring your own dinner.
>>REGINA: Bring your own dinner.
Exactly.
So how would you
talk to us about that
through the lens of
the third chakra?
And how would you begin--
give us an exercise to
start empowering and then
soothing and putting
things back in alignment
through the third chakra.
>>DALE: Well, it is the
center of personal power
and over the centuries.
But especially over
the last few decades,
people have been told that they
need to give their power away
to leaders, to institutions,
to the law, to the government,
to religion, to whatever it is.
So I think that's the true
nature of the conflict,
is who's in charge of us.
And I mean, I was raised to
give my power away, especially
as a woman.
But we all have something.
>>REGINA: And a Lutheran.
>>DALE: And a Lutheran.
>>REGINA: The sinner.
>>DALE: Always a sinner.
Right.
You got to have Jesus.
So we're indoctrinated
at some level
with that what we don't have
enough, so that tells us,
instructs us that we need
to pay attention to whatever
and whoever is in
positional power.
So we're seeing the crisis.
And scientists are even proving
that many, many diseases
actually come from
the digestive system.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>DALE: They crawl.
Microbes crawl up the
vagus nerve into the brain.
Now you have mental illness,
Parkinson's, OCD, Alzheimer's.
So we have to pay attention
to our personal sense of self.
In the end, that's
all that counts.
The legends are always
about honor, courage.
These are the kind of
nutrients that I think we need
to bring into our third chakra.
>>REGINA: So give
us a little exercise
that you really like,
having honor and courage.
>>DALE: Absolutely.
So we've already talked about
how to work with the back side
chakras, so let's do this.
So let's each of us just affirm
our own spirit, the helping
spirits, the greater spirit.
We ask for the healing
streams of grace
to be provided that
we need to bring
into us the spiritual
qualities each of us
individually require through the
back side of the third chakra.
So whether that be honor,
courage, self-respect, truth,
knowing, awareness,
whatever it is any of us
need is now streaming into us,
through us, through the back,
saturating those
organs, shifting
the dysfunctional beliefs,
calming the inflamed feelings,
changing our digestive
system, but more importantly
spiritualizing
that energy center.
So it now emanates from
it into the world what we
need to share with the world.
It instructs the
world how to treat us
with honor, with grace,
with truths, with respect.
And that's all we are
going to now tolerate
when we have the
power to do that,
and that's all we're going
to give to the world as well.
So something as simple as
what we just did people
can do for any topic,
any time of the day.
>>REGINA: And all of
this is covered in your--
how many books have you written?
>>DALE: 25, I think.
>>REGINA: 25.
I was going to say 23.
25.
Oh, my god.
>>DALE: You're
probably more accurate.
>>REGINA: You're prolific.
>>DALE: I have two
going, so I add them in.
>>REGINA: Anyway, like I
said, even if you just pick up
your little, Llewellyn's
Little Book of Chakras--
>>DALE: It's got a
lot of data in it.
>>REGINA: It has a lot of data
and a lot of practical use,
and it's just the
cutest little book.
I just love that book.
>>DALE: I know.
I love it.
It is pocket size.
>>REGINA: It is pocket size.
And then if you really want to
dig in, your tome is brilliant.
>>DALE: It's good.
It's big.
There is also a book
Subtle Energy Techniques
that I've written that will
give you some techniques, too.
>>REGINA: Yes, that's
a wonderful book, too.
I didn't have a chance
to read all of them,
but I was skimming
through the rest.
>>DALE: It's healing
streams of grace.
The techniques are in there.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I
only got to read
all of The Little
Book of Chakras
because it felt so good.
There's pictures in there.
>>DALE: I know.
It's fun.
>>REGINA: Anyway, Cyndi,
thank you so much.
You're absolutely delightful.
We've got to do this
again, because, well, we've
hardly started.
>>DALE: Love it.
Thank you so much.
>>REGINA: We have
only shared a tiny bit
of these books with you
and a massive volume you
can get into if you
really want to dig deep.
For all of these books,
you can go to cyndi--
c-y-n-d-i-- dale.com.
Come Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on Open Minds.